update meta-backup doc (#1324)
risingwavelabs/risingwave-docs: docs/manage/meta-backup.md

## Set backup parameters

Before you can create a meta snapshot, you need to set the `backup_storage_url` and `backup_storage_directory` system parameters prior to the first backup attempt.

:::caution

> Do not set `backup_storage_url` and `backup_storage_directory` after the cluster is started. Otherwise, all meta snapshots taken previously become invalidated and cannot be used anymore.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Be careful not to set the `backup_storage_url` and `backup_storage_directory` when there are snapshots. However, it's not strictly forbidden. If you insist to do so, please note the snapshots taken before the setting will all be invalidated and cannot be used in restoration anymore.
```
